doc: add a note about os.cpus() returning an empty list (#47363)
nodejs/node: doc/api/os.md

`nice` values are POSIX-only. On Windows, the `nice` values of all processors
are always 0.

> On Linux and Android when `/proc` file system is not accessible, an empty

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Linux and Android, when `/proc` is not accessible, an empty
```

> On Linux and Android when `/proc` filesystem is not accessible, this function 
> may return an empty list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On Linux and Android when `/proc` file system is not accessible, this function
may return an empty list.
```
